>> Brian Holt: My name's Brian,
I work at Microsoft as
a Senior Cloud Developer Advocate
which means that I'm a conduit
between you and Microsoft's Cloud.
I listen to your feedback,
I take it to the product team.
And then I listen to the product
team's new features and I try and
tell people about it.
This course has nothing to do with Azure,
that's just what my day job is.
But I really quite like it.
I think this is my,
I was trying to count how many times
I've been to Frontend Masters.
I think this is my eighth time teaching
here, something like that-ish.
So I love Frontend Masters, I love what
they do, I love what they stand for.
That's why I keep coming back.
Sometimes on this podcast called
Frontend Happy Hour which is kind of fun.
And I've also worked at LinkedIn,
Netflix, Reddit,
Needle, ksl.com, and NewSkin.
And I was recently just
made a board member of
a really cool 501(c) called Vet to Code.
Which helps veterans coming out of the
military learn how to code which I think
is a pretty awesome organization.
From Seattle,
I have a little dog named Luna.
She's adorable, and
yeah, it's pretty great.
I have all my social links up here, so
feel free to message me on Twitter, or
connect with me on LinkedIn,
or whatever suits you.
And I just want to give another shoutout
to Frontend Masters at this point,
really really stoked to be
working with them again.
These materials are open source, so
feel free if you see spelling mistakes or
anything like that to open
a pull request and fix them.
Please take these materials and
share them with anyone that needs them.
I love that Frontend Masters lets
me open source my materials so
that people that can't necessarily
afford to watch the video could still
have everything I prepared here.
So thanks, Frontend Maters.
And just a slight humble plea,
if you could star the repo on GetHub,
it helps expand the reach of the repo,
so that would be really great.
There's a link down at the bottom
if you want to do that.
Up to you though.
I'll just be a little upset.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so
that's a little bit about me.
I've been writing React since,
I first launched React at Reddit,
I was the first person
to launch it at Reddit.
We were pretty early adopters on it.
But we were still in a stage
where people like React is gross,
because you have HTMLs in your JavaScript.
Which admittedly at first
felt really gross to me.
I remember I was watching
Pete Hunt announce it, and
I was like this seems really bad, and
I just kinda dismissed it out of hand.
I had a colleague come back
to me six months later,
this is while I was working at Reddit, and
said, you should really check this out.
I spent a weekend hacking with it and was
like, this is great, I'm going to rewrite
the entire Reddit marketplace check out
in React, which I did in about a weekend.
Finished the rewrite, launched it without
really telling anyone else I was going to
that, and then I went on vacation.
[LAUGH] Not just any vacation, I was
on a cruise ship so I was unreachable.
So the compelling story that I like tell
people is that I launched this entire
rewrite in React, went on vacation.
I was the only front end developer
working on marketplace at the time.
And obviously it broke because you can't
rewrite an entire large piece of software
without it breaking.
But one of the backend
developers that wrote Python for
his day job was not necessarily
a JavaScript developer.
Was able to actually go in,
understand my code by reading it and
fix it without knowing React, without
really knowing JavaScript super well.
And that, to me,
was the moment I understand the real
value of proposition of React.
To me, having been writing React now at
several companies, it's very maintainable.
It's very easy to understand.
It's very easy to kind
of like read through and
understand everything
that things are doing.
Like I'll be honest,
if you're coming from Angular,
this is gonna feel pretty verbose, right?
We write more code that
you write in Angular,
and I'm speaking from
the perspective Angular JS.
I haven't written too much of the newer
Angular, but with Angular JS1,
which I was in love with before
I started writing React.
This feels a lot more verbose.
You have to write more code.
But the magic here is that because you're
writing more code you're being more
explicit, like this connects to this.
There's no magic connection of the two,
which means that later when I come back
and I've forgotten everything that I've
written I can still see that connection.
I don't really have to know too much how
React is connecting the two because I can
see how they're connected.
So that's why I like React.
That's why I continue to go back to it.
That's why I still write new
projects in React is because
it's very easy to maintain, that I
can launch it and come back later and
not yell at myself for
using too much magic.
So let's get into this.
So yeah, these are the notes.
If you fall behind as well,
feel free to read my notes.
I literally have my notes
up here on this computer.
So that's why I've kind of
open-sourced my speaker's notes, so
that you can kinda see what's happening.